P2201R1 Mixed string literal concatenation (#4668)
cplusplus/draft: source/compatibility.tex

%!TEX root = std.tex
\infannex{diff}{Compatibility}

\rSec1[diff.cpp20]{\Cpp{} and ISO \CppXX{}}

\rSec2[diff.cpp20.general]{General}

\pnum
\indextext{summary!compatibility with ISO \CppXX{}}%

> This subclause lists the differences between \Cpp{} and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subclause \ref{diff.cpp20} lists the differences between \Cpp{} and
```
